How did viewing a diff between two versions of a file help you see the bug that was introduced?

	It showed where in the code to versions of a file had differences
	making it much more convenient to debug


How could having easy access to the entire history of a file make you a more efficient programmer in the long term?

	Its well organized and dated. Easy access and searching saves times and gives you more time to code.

As a programmer, when would you want to have a version of your code saved?

	Regular intervals, about half an hour.
	When I've made significant and well tested changes.
	When the session has had a long pause.
	When the session has ended. 	


What do you think are the pros and cons of manually choosing when to create a commit, like you do in Git, vs having versions automatically saved, like Google Docs does?

	Manual saving gives you the freedom when you want to save. Unlike goolgle docs which may save over an interval of time during a random period of the work flow, you can choose when a save seems most logical. Although manually saving does carry the risk of human error.

Why do you think some version control systems, like Git, allow saving multiple files in one commit, while others, like Google Docs, treat each file separately?

	One reason may come down to Git and Google Docs serve different purposes, where Git is intended to be used for programming projects and Google docs is a general use case.

	Possibly Google docs prefers using less storage or a difference in philosphy.

How can you use the commands git log and git diff to view the history of files?
	
	Git log allows you to see the history of commits.
	Git diff of the former followed by the later shows the changes between the commits

	A shortcut to quickly see the number of changes is using Git log with --Stat option

How might using version control make you more confident to make changes that could break something?

	Git allows you to revert to an older commit that may be more stable.

	Git also allows you to branch your commits giving you more flexibility

Now that you have your workspace set up, what do you want to try using Git for?

